Simulator migration guide (#1023)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/primitives-get-started.mdx

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False, min_num_qubits=127)
```

<Admonition type="note">

> To try out your program locally before of running on real hardware, see [Test locally.](#test-locally) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try out your program locally before running on real hardware, see [Test locally.](#test-locally) 
```

backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False, min_num_qubits=127)
```

> <Admonition type="note">

Reviewer 2: Is this admonition necessary? It feels like overkill imho

```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

<span id="test-locally"></span>

> ## Test locally

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be under `Verify`?

> Quantum simulators should be used to help develop and test programs before fine-tuning them and sending them to real quantum hardware. This can be done with good performance and efficiency on local simulators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantum simulators should be used to help develop and test programs before fine-tuning them and sending them to real quantum hardware. Local simulators can do this with good performance and efficiency. 
```

If you currently use Qiskit (and not Qiskit Runtime), you can use the existing Qiskit Aer primitives for local testing.  See [exact and noisy simulation with Qiskit Aer primitives](../verify/simulate-with-qiskit-aer) for details. 

Example:

```python
from qiskit_aer import AerSimulator
from qiskit.circuit.library import RealAmplitudes
from qiskit.circuit import QuantumCircuit, QuantumRegister, ClassicalRegister
from qiskit.quantum_info import SparsePauliOp
from qiskit.transpiler.preset_passmanagers import generate_preset_pass_manager
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Session, SamplerV2 as Sampler
from qiskit_ibm_runtime.fake_provider import FakeManilaV2

# Bell Circuit
qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
qc.h(0)
qc.cx(0, 1)
qc.measure_all()

# Run the sampler job locally using FakeManilaV2
fake_manila = FakeManilaV2()
pm = generate_preset_pass_manager(backend=fake_manila, optimization_level=1)
isa_qc = pm.run(qc)
sampler = Sampler(backend=fake_manila)

> result = sampler.run([(isa_qc)]).result()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
result = sampler.run(isa_qc).result()
```

# Run the sampler job locally using AerSimulator.
# Session syntax is supported but ignored because simulators don't support sessions.

> aer_sim = AerSimulator()

Reviewer 3: The example here only uses a noiseless simulator. Since we are telling people to use local testing mode for V2 primitives, we should (1) point them to the doc on building a noise model and (2) show an example of using a noise simulator.
